[pages] Update `pages functions build` to include config (#5353)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/swift-pears-carry.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> feat: Updates `wrangler pages functions build` to support including values from `wrangler.toml` in the Functions upload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: Updates `wrangler pages functions build` to support using configuration from `wrangler.toml` in the generated output. 
```
